Add Web Interface App Catalog Reference Page (#331)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/reference/web-interface/app-catalog.md

+++
title = "Web Interface Reference: The Giant Swarm App Catalog"
description = "What the Giant Swarm App Catalog looks like on our Web Interface and how to use it."
date = "2019-07-05"
layout = "subsection"
weight = 10
+++

> # Web Interface Reference: The Giant Swarm App Catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The App Catalog in the Web User Interface
```

I'd prefer a title that provides the context in a more natural way, like suggested. A structured approach with colon etc. is a bit clumsy IMO.

+++
title = "The Giant Swarm App Catalog in The Web Interface"
description = "What the Giant Swarm App Catalog looks like on our Web Interface and how to use it."
date = "2019-07-05"
layout = "subsection"
weight = 10
+++

# The Giant Swarm App Catalog in The Web Interface

This page will give you an overview of how to do some common tasks related to the
Giant Swarm App Catalog using our Web Interface.

> Go here for an [overview of the Giant Swarm App Catalog](/basics/app-catalog/) instead.

Reviewer 2: I suggest - 
For an overview of the Giant Swarm App Catalog, go here instead

Author: It's structured like that because I want that last bit to be the link that people click on.

```
Go here for an [overview of the Giant Swarm App Catalog].  
```

makes more sense if the part in brackets is the link compared to:

```
For an [overview of the Giant Swarm App Catalog], go here instead.
```

The reason is I want to avoid linking words like "go here". As a general best practice links should be descriptive of what they will link too.

### Viewing all App Catalogs

Our web interface lets you browse the App Catalogs installed on your Control Plane.
Click on "Apps" in the navigation menu. This link will only be visible if your
Control Plane has at least one App Catalog installed on it.

> The screenshot below shows this page when only the "Helm Stable" and

Reviewer 2: I don't understand what you are trying to convey with this sentence.
Will the page only show up in that one case, or will it only look that way in said case.

Author: The link will show up whenever there is one or more app catalogs installed. 

and THEN when you click on that link this is what that page would look like with two app catalogs installed.

I'll try to make that clearer.

"Giant Swarm Incubator" catalogs have been installed:

![app-catalogs](../app-catalogs.png)

### Installing an App

> Click on the catalog you'd like to install from. Catalogs have different SLA

Reviewer 2: This seems misleading, since to the best of my understanding the only catalog that has SLAs is the managed one.
BTW - SLA = Service Level Agreement, so SLA levels is a redundancy.

Proposed phrasing -
Only apps in the Managed Catalog will be monitored and managed by us. [possible additional verbiage - if we are already talking about the partner catalog]. Apps from other catalogs may have SLAs and guarantees, but those will not be monitored and upheld by Giant Swarm.

levels and guarantees, only apps in the Managed catalog will be monitored and
managed by us.

![apps](../apps.png)

Once you know what app you'd like to install, click on that app, and then on
"Configure & Install"

![app-detail-page](../app-detail-page.png)

That'll bring up a modal where you can choose what cluster you want to install
the app on, as well as some further steps allowing you to configure the app.

![install-modal](../install-modal.png)

> This is also where you can supply your values.yaml with custom configuration for

Reviewer 2: As a personal preference, I go for provide rather than supply.
